tutorial part for complete entity (#75)
akka/akka-microservices-samples: docs-source/docs/modules/cqrs/pages/tutorial/complete-entity.adoc

include::ROOT:partial$include.adoc[]

> In this part we will complete the `ShoppingCart` entity with more commands and events. It is using Event Sourcing to persist events that represents changes to the state of the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this part, we will complete the `ShoppingCart` entity with more commands and events. Event Sourcing persists these events which represent changes to the cart state.
```

Author: not sure about that change. It refers to the ShoppingCart. Maybe that can be clarified by spelling it out
"The `ShoppingCart` is using event sourcing..."

that vs which? I think that part is rather essential for the sentence, i.e. "that" https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/short-sentences

Author: ```suggestion
In this part, we will complete the `ShoppingCart` entity with more commands and events. The `ShoppingCart` is using Event Sourcing to persist events that represents changes to the state of the cart.
```

You will learn how to:

* implement an Event Sourced entity by expanding the xref:tutorial/entity.adoc[previous step]

== More commands and events

Add the following commands to the `ShoppingCart`:

* `RemoveItem` - remove an item from the cart
* `AdjustItemQuantity` - adjust the quantity of an item in the cart
* `Checkout` - checkout the shopping cart
* `Get` - get the current state of the shopping cart

and corresponding events:

* `ItemRemoved`
* `ItemQuantityAdjusted`
* `CheckedOut`

> Adding those commands, events and adjusting the `State` is very similar to the `AddItem` command and `ItemAdded` event in the xref:tutorial/entity.adoc[previous step], which means that this is a good exercise for you to solidify your knowledge of how to implement an `EventSourcedBehavior`. If you like, you can start with <<Expand the unit test>> for a test driven approach.

Reviewer 2: Is the <<Expand >> some magic i don't know about?

Author: links within same page, https://github.com/lightbend/cloudstate-docs/blob/master/asciidoc-antora-ovr.md

> When you have completed your code you can compare with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have completed your code you can compare it with:
```
